like the previous problem
This problem also involves eliminating the same numbers
But here the only difference is there will be two
odd occurring numbers so we can use the bitwise
XOR pattern here
First let us XOR all the numbers
Now what will happen The same numbers will cancel out
And finally we will have the XOR value of odd
occurring numbers which are five and seven here and what
will be the value Five
XOR seven first let us write five and seven
in binary form
To find five XOR seven
The binary Form of five is 0101 and the binary form
of seven is 0111
So five XOR seven will be 0010
So after performing Bitwise XOR operation
Of all the numbers we will have the XOR
value of two odd occurring numbers
In this case we have XOR the value of five
and seven which is 0010
Now we need to split those two odd occurring numbers
from this resulted value
And how can we do that Since both numbers are
not equal there will be some bit difference on those
two numbers
So we need to find the first bit difference between
those two numbers
Using that position we can split the numbers in the
XOR result
The first set bit that is one will be the
varying bit on those two numbers because XOR of
unequal bit pair will be one
So here the first big difference between those two numbers
is in position two after finding the first set bit
position
Now we can take all the numbers and group the
numbers based on its second bit value
Here the numbers 676 has one in its second position
and the remaining numbers has zero in second position so
we can group them separately and perform XOR again
on each group
So in the first group nine and nine will cancel
out and five will remain and the second group six
and six will cancel out and seven will remain and
five and seven is are expected result
So the logic for this problem is first XOR
all the numbers and get the XOR result and
then in the XOR result find the first set bit
position This will be a differentiating point of two numbers
and then group all the numbers based on the first
set bit position and perform XOR on them
So using this logic you can solve this problem.